mgr/dashboard: revise monitoring documentation (#34928)
ceph/ceph: doc/mgr/dashboard.rst

  <https://prometheus.io/docs/operating/security/>` for more detailed
  information.

Installation and Configuration using cephadm
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> Grafana and Prometheus can be installed using :ref:`cephadm`. It will

Reviewer: What do you mean by "it" here? The Dashboard?

Author: Good spotting :sweat_smile: Both components will automatically be configured by cephadm. I'll adapt it to `they`.

Manual Installation and Configuration
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

The following process describes how to configure Grafana and Prometheus
manually. After you have installed Prometheus, Grafana and the Node exporter
on your preferred hosts, proceed with the following steps.

#.  Enable the Ceph Exporter which comes as Ceph Manager module by running::

      $ ceph mgr module enable prometheus

    More details can be found in the documentation of the :ref:`mgr-prometheus`.

#.  Add the corresponding scrape configuration to Prometheus. This may look
    like::

      global:
        scrape_interval: 5s

      scrape_configs:
        - job_name: 'prometheus'
          static_configs:
            - targets: ['localhost:9090']
        - job_name: 'ceph'
          static_configs:
            - targets: ['localhost:9283']
        - job_name: 'node-exporter'
          static_configs:
            - targets: ['localhost:9100']

    .. note::

      Please note that in the aforementioned example, Prometheus is configured
      to scrape data from itself (port 9090), the Ceph manager module
      `prometheus` (port 9283), which exports Ceph internal data and the Node

>       exporter (port 9100), which provides metrics of a machine.

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be plural?
```suggestion
      exporters (port 9100), which provide metrics of all nodes.
```

Author: The note relates to the example configuration where only one node exporter is configured, thus I think, singular should be correct.

      
      Depending on your configuration, you may need to change the hostname in
      this configuration or add additional configuration entries for the Node

>       exporter.  It is unlikely that you will need to change the provided

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      exporter. It is unlikely that you will need to change the provided
```

      ports.
      
      Moreover, you don't *need* to have more than one target for Ceph specific

>       data, provided by the `prometheus` mgr module.  But it is recommended to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      data, provided by the `prometheus` mgr module. But it is recommended to
```

      configure Prometheus to scrape Ceph specific data from all existing Ceph
      managers. This enables a built-in high availability mechanism, where
      services run on a manager will be restarted automatically on a second
      manager instance if one Ceph Manager goes down.

#.  Add Prometheus as data source to Grafana `using the Grafana Web UI
    <https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/features/datasources/add-a-data-source/>`_.

#.  Install the `vonage-status-panel and grafana-piechart-panel` plugins using::

      grafana-cli plugins install vonage-status-panel
      grafana-cli plugins install grafana-piechart-panel

#.  Add the Dashboards to Grafana:

>     Dashboards can be added to Grafana by importing dashboard jsons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Dashboards can be added to Grafana by importing dashboard JSON files.
```

>     Following command can be used for downloading json files::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Use the following command to download the JSON files::
```

      wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ceph/ceph/master/monitoring/grafana/dashboards/<Dashboard-name>.json

    You can find all the dashboard jsons `here <https://github.com/ceph/ceph/tree/
    master/monitoring/grafana/dashboards>`_ .

    For Example, for ceph-cluster overview you can use::

      wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ceph/ceph/master/monitoring/grafana/dashboards/ceph-cluster.json

> #.  Configure Grafana in `/etc/grafana/grafana.ini` to adapt anonymous mode

Reviewer: I think reStructuredText uses double backticks to mark monospaced text:
```suggestion
#.  Configure Grafana in ``/etc/grafana/grafana.ini`` to adapt anonymous mode
```
